---
inFeed: true
hasPage: true
inNav: false
inLanguage: null
starred: false
keywords: []
description: ''
datePublished: '2016-02-17T21:53:13.412Z'
dateModified: '2016-02-17T21:52:46.807Z'
title: ''
author: []
sourcePath: _posts/2016-02-17-7c1236d4-0043-488b-be61-4bf2401b4062.md
published: true
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
url: 7c1236d4-0043-488b-be61-4bf2401b4062/index.html
_type: Article

---
I HELP ARTISTS BECOME ENTREPRENEURS AND BUSINESSES BECOME CREATIVE

**HOW CAN I HELP YOU?**

****

## "ALL ARTISTS ARE ENTREPRENEURS. ALL ENTREPRENEURS ARE ARTISTS."-SETH GODIN

Having an idea is great, but how you take an idea and turn it into a business? This can be incredibly daunting, especially if you try to jump from idea to business in only one step. A holistic approach is much easier, and self-awareness is key: identifying your personal process, learning style, goals, and values should be a top priority.

The U.S. based Conference Board, a global research organization representing businesses worldwide, found that "U.S. employers rate creativity and innovation among the top five skills that will increase in importance over the next five years, and stimulating innovation and creativity and enabling entrepreneurship is among the top 10 challenges of U.S. CEOs."

The majority of American arts education focuses solely on arts technique and neglects to cultivate real business skills. Graduates often know how to create works of art, but not necessarily how to make a living from their art. Creative entrepreneurs have a distinct advantage. Simply put, they think differently. They can help drive our economy by creating new opportunities, jobs, culture, products, and services. Artists need to be reassured that they do not have to give up their integrity in order to succeed. Learning to work as creative entrepreneurs will allow them to exist in a world where business strategy and artistic visions are no longer at odds but are working in tandem.

As Peter H. Diamandis states "Some of the world's biggest challenges are also the biggest business opportunities". At no other time in history has it been as easy or cheap to start a company or find funding for your ideas. Ten years ago the average cost of a startup was $5 million; now it's less than $5,000\. In the next five years 50 billion people, devices, and things will be connected into what's being called The Internet of Everything. In the next ten years Cisco is projecting that the IoE will generate $19 trillion of value. ($14 trillion from the private sector, $5 trillion from government and public sectors). If you want to be part of the IoE as a creative, you need to take steps now by being open to embrace a new way of thinking and seeing the world.

Economists predict that 47% of jobs will disappear due to robots and other advancing technology over the next twenty years. While we cannot predict the future, we can say for certain that with increases in technology, a creative entrepreneur's mindset will be the most valuable. After all, technology will always change but great design and creative thinking is timeless.

We live in incredible times when the only constant is change, and the rate of change is increasing. Ultimately, the best way to predict the future is to create it yourself. If you're ready to get started and create your own future take the first step and contact me.